Labs Blog alt text mini sprint! (#2)
isabela-pf/quansight-labs-site: posts/2019/05/community-opensource-funded-development.md

breadth of our interests and capabilities at Quansight Labs, etc.). Here's what
that currently looks like:

> ![Roadmap brochure items for NumPy and SciPy ](/images/roadmap_screenshot_numpy_scipy.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Two column view of a roadmap for Numpy and Scipy with logos](/images/roadmap_screenshot_numpy_scipy.png)
```
